c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\FarmaTest.dll.config
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\FarmaTest.dll
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\FarmaTest.pdb
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\FarmaModel.dll
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\FarmaModel.pdb
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\obj\Debug\FarmaTest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\obj\Debug\FarmaTest.dll
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\obj\Debug\FarmaTest.pdb
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\FarmaDAL.dll
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\Unity.Mvc5.dll
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\FarmaDAL.pdb
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
c:\users\userr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FarmaTest\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.xml
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\obj\Debug\FarmaTest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\FarmaTest.dll.config
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\FarmaTest.dll
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\FarmaTest.pdb
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\FarmaDAL.dll
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\FarmaModel.dll
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\Owin.dll
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\Unity.Mvc5.dll
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\FarmaDAL.pdb
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\FarmaModel.pdb
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.xml
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\obj\Debug\FarmaTest.dll
E:\Repositorios\Farma\FarmaTest\obj\Debug\FarmaTest.pdb
